Add new integration Refoss (#28121)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/refoss.markdown

---
title: Refoss
description: Integrate Refoss devices
ha_category:
  - Switch

>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ha_release: 2023.8.0.dev0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2023.8
```
Depends on when your pull request is eventually merged into core

ha_codeowners:
  - '@ashionky'
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_domain: refoss
featured: true
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - switch

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

ha_integration_type: hub

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

Integrate Refoss devices into Home Assistant.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Refoss IoT Platform Configuration

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites

```

The device needs to be connected to the local network first. There are two ways to connect devices to the local network:
  - Using the Refoss app (download and install the Refoss app on Google Play) to connect devices to the local network.
  - Using the Web page to connect devices to the local network.
    - Computer/mobile phone connected to device factory wifi.
    - In the browser, access the address 10.10.10.1, then select the local wifi that needs to be added for device configuration.

> ### Discover device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Discover device

```

  - After integrating Refoss, will start socket broadcast,Home Assistant will automatically discover Refoss devices under the current LAN.
  

> ## Entity naming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Entity naming

```

The integration uses the following strategy to name its entities:

-  The entity name will be generated by `Device Name`,`Device Type` and `Channel Number`.

Examples:

| Device Name | Device Type |Channel Number| Entity Name       |              
| ----------- | ----------- | -----------|-------------------|
| `r10`       | `r10`       | `0`           | r10(r10)-0        |

> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Reset Device

Long-press the button on the device to reset it.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## limitations

```

---
title: Refoss
description: Integrate Refoss devices
ha_category:
  - Switch

> ha_release: 2023.11

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2024.1
```

ha_codeowners:
  - '@ashionky'
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_domain: refoss
featured: true
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - switch
ha_integration_type: integration
---

Integrate Refoss devices into Home Assistant.

## Prerequisites

The device needs to be connected to the local network first. There are two ways to connect devices to the local network:

>   - Using the Refoss app (download and install the Refoss app on Google Play) to connect devices to the local network.
>   - Using the Web page to connect devices to the local network.
>     - Computer/mobile phone connected to device factory wifi.
>     - In the browser, access the address 10.10.10.1, then select the local wifi that needs to be added for device configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Using the Refoss app (download and install the Refoss app on Google Play) to connect devices to the local network.
  - Using the Web page to connect devices to the local network.
    - The computer/mobile phone is connected to the device factory Wi-Fi.
    - In the browser, access the address 10.10.10.1, then select the local Wi-Fi needed for device configuration.
```

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

### Discover device

>   - After integrating Refoss, will start socket broadcast,Home Assistant will automatically discover Refoss devices under the current LAN.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - After integrating Refoss, it will start socket broadcast and Home Assistant will automatically discover Refoss devices under the current LAN.
```

  
## Entity naming

The integration uses the following strategy to name its entities:

-  The entity name will be generated by `Device Name` and `Channel Number`.

Single channel device.

Examples:

| Device Name |Channel Number| Entity Name |              
| ----------- | -----------|------------|
| `r10`       | `0`           | r10        |

Multi-channel device.
  
Examples:

| Device Name | Channel Number | Entity Name |              
| ----------- |----------------|----------|
| `r10`       | `0`            | r10      |
| `r10`       | `1`            | r10-1    |

> ## Reset Device

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Reset device
```
we use sentence-style capitalization also in titels

Long-press the button on the device to reset it.

## Limitations

> - Before set up, the device is connected to the local network and powered on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Before set up, the device is connected to the local network and powered on.
```
Why is this a limitation? It is a precondition, and listed there as such. I don't think this needs to be listed as a limitation. But maybe I'm missing something.

> - The integration will occupy port: 9989.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The integration will occupy port: 9989.
```
I'm not sure this is a limitation. Could we add this to the prerequisites, where the other networking information is listed?

---
title: Refoss
description: Integrate Refoss devices
ha_category:
  - Switch
ha_release: 2023.11
ha_codeowners:
  - '@ashionky'
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_domain: refoss
featured: true
ha_config_flow: true
ha_platforms:
  - switch
ha_integration_type: integration
---

Integrate Refoss devices into Home Assistant.

> {% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Reviewer 4: It seems like there are Prerequisites that need to be handled by a user before they can actually configure it...

So the documentation should be structured like that.

Start with the prerequisites and show the config flow after that.

> ## Refoss IoT Platform Configuration

Reviewer 4: That is a bit of a duplicate...

```suggestion
```

> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

  - Using the Refoss app (download and install the Refoss app on Google Play) to connect devices to the local network.
  - Using the Web page to connect devices to the local network.
    - Computer/mobile phone connected to device factory wifi.
    - In the browser, access the address 10.10.10.1, then select the local wifi that needs to be added for device configuration.

### Discover device

  - After integrating Refoss, will start socket broadcast,Home Assistant will automatically discover Refoss devices under the current LAN.
  
## Entity naming

The integration uses the following strategy to name its entities:

-  The entity name will be generated by `Device Name` and `Channel Number`.

Single channel device.

Examples:

| Device Name |Channel Number| Entity Name |              
| ----------- | -----------|------------|
| `r10`       | `0`           | r10        |

Multi-channel device.
  
Examples:

| Device Name | Channel Number | Entity Name |              
| ----------- |----------------|----------|
| `r10`       | `0`            | r10      |
| `r10`       | `1`            | r10-1    |

## Reset Device

Long-press the button on the device to reset it.

> ## limitations

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Limitations
```
